1. Explore all the ways of writing CSS.

Ways of writing CSS-

- SASS (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets)
- SCSS (Sassy Cascading Style Sheets)
- Styled Components
- Using some library or frameworks such as Material UI, Bootstrap, Ant Design, Chakra UI, Tailwind CSS

2. How do we configure `tailwind`?

 - Create your project.
 - Install tailwind css into your project by using the command  
    npm install -D tailwindcss postcss
   npx tailwindcss init
   npx tailwindcss init creates a tailwind.config.js file.
 - Configure PostCSS
   Create a file named .postcssrc in your project root and enable the tailwindcss plugin
 - Configure your template paths
   Add the paths to all of your template files in your tailwind.config.js file.
 - Add the Tailwind directives to your CSS(in index.css).
 - Start your build process.
 - Start using Tailwind in your project.

3. In `tailwind.config.js`, what does all the keys mean (`content,theme,extend,plugins`)?

- Content - The content section is where you configure the paths to all of your HTML templates, JS components, and any other files that contain Tailwind class names.
- Theme - The theme section is where you define your color palette, fonts, type scale, border sizes, breakpoints — anything related to the visual design of your site.
- Extend - If you’d like to preserve the default values for a theme option but also add new values, add your extensions under the extend key in the theme section of your configuration file (to enable extending the default theme).
- Plugins - The plugins section allows you to register plugins with Tailwind that can be used to generate extra utilities, components, base styles, or custom variants.

4. Why do we have `.postcssrc` file?

PostCSS is a tool for transforming css with javascript.It workds with plugins, so it's easy to perform the tailwindcss processing steps by using tailwindcss postcss plugin.
It is a javascript tool that transform your css into abstract syntax tree (AST) then provides an API for analyzing and modifying it using javascript plugins.
